# Algorithm Notes
## Inheritance Note
Base versions of all this processing will be put in the base variant class. Derivative classes will override as necessary. They are of course free to add additional routines for their own use and that of their descendents. At this time I don't see a compelling reason to use multiple inheritance.

## Overall Processing Flow
Creation of the wires and faces that define plates are processed in the following order:

1) Bottom plate
2) Left
3) Right
4) Front
5) Back
6) Top (if appropriate)
7) Front-to-back dividers (optional)
8) Left-to-right dividers (optional)

Each of the processes listed above is in a separate routine and called from a dispatcher routine.

Adjustment of the distances (to allow for type of path used, etc.) used in this process is in a routine called before each of the processes listed above; this minimizes redundant code.

## Top level flow
Generation of the wires for the plates is done in a routine, in the order listed above. Generation of the Path jobs that are used to create the toolpaths are done in a separate routine, in the same order (not mandatory but it's easier to follow this way).

## Basic Vertex Generation

1. Horizontal Plate.
* Determine adjustments when outside dimension is not evenly divisible by stock thickness.
* * Determine if total outside vertical dimension is evenly divisible by tab count. If not, add half the remainder to 1st and last tabs.
* * Do the same for the outside horizontal dimension. (independent variables for this)
* 
2. Vertical Plate
3. 


Origin of plate is outside bottom left. Start of vertex generation is **INSIDE** bottom left (inset in both X and Y). this means edge generated by connection from last vertex is a **gap**.
